Add clarity to docs surrounding command line arguments, suggest data-dir when syncing, and polishing up for mainnet (#2527)
status-im/nim-beacon-chain: docs/the_nimbus_book/src/beacon-node-systemd.md

> ⚠️  If you wish to run the service with metrics enabled, you'll need to replace `--metrics:off` with `--metrics:on` in the service file below. See [here](./metrics-pretty-pictures.md) for more on metrics.

> Create a `systemd` service unit file -- `nimbus-eth2-pyrmont.service` -- and save it in `/lib/systemd/system/`.

Reviewer: https://unix.stackexchange.com/a/367237 - `/etc/` is supposedly the correct path, not sure why `/lib` enters the picture?

Author: here's the thing. `/etc/` is normally the correct path, yes. but if you want to be able to enable it on startup it makes a systemlink to `/etc/`, and so if you put it in /etc/, it won't be able to enable it on startup.
I had this problem myself and when I set it to lib I could enable it just fine.

`<WEB3-URL>` with the WebSocket JSON-RPC URL that you are planning to use.

> > Want to run on mainnet? just replace all instances of `prymont` to `mainnet`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> If you want to run on mainnet, simply replace all instances of `prymont` with `mainnet`.
```

> > If you want to run on mainnet, simply replace all instances of `prymont` with `mainnet`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you want to run on mainnet, simply replace all instances of `pyrmont` with `mainnet`.
```
